-- may 1 , 2014 this thursday , we cover how nationwide elections were unfolding in @entity3 , how floods are forcing rescuers to get creative in @entity6 , and how the @entity8 virus is causing concern in the @entity10
we also look into the technology and controversy surrounding traffic light cameras , and we show you how a @entity16 study is going to the dogs
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity20 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity25
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity31 click here for a printable version of the @entity20 ( @entity34 )
media literacy question of the day : how might social media help educate audiences about disease outbreaks ? how might you determine if a social media source is credible on this topic ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
citation fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what @entity10 country held its first elections since @entity53 troops left in 2011 ? what was the current prime minister predicting regarding voter turnout ? what was the cause of the deaths of at least seven people at polling places yesterday ? what different groups are responsible for the violence in this country ? 2
what kind of natural disaster hit parts of @entity6 and @entity68 after the same storm system brought tornadoes to the central and southeastern @entity53 ? approximately how much rain fell in 24 hours in parts of @entity68 and @entity6 ? 3
what is @entity8 ? what are some of its symptoms ? according to the video , what do reported cases of this disease have in common ? where was this disease first detected ? in what regions of the world has it been reported ? why are some concerned about the number of cases ? how have authorities responded to this concern ? 4
according to the video : approximately how many traffic light cameras exist in the @entity53 today ? what happens to the images taken by some of these cameras ? who decides whether to issue tickets to the drivers ? what might be some benefits and downsides to these cameras ? discussion questions : 1
do you think it is important to know something about political systems in countries other than your own ? why or why not ? how might knowledge of another country 's government be of value to students , leaders and businesspeople living outside that country ? 2
in the video , we learn that @entity8 is a type of coronavirus
what do you know about viruses ? where would you go to learn more about this kind of virus and how it is spread ? 3
what is your opinion of traffic light cameras ? do you support or oppose their use ? state your rationale
@entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity141 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity166 student news ! click here to submit your @entity169 request .
