-- march 20 , 2014 thirteen days after a @entity2 plane vanished , @entity0 takes you to the @entity4 to show you how a military aircraft is helping in the search
in the @entity8 , there 's a new coin on the way , and we 'll explain why it 's being minted
you 'll also hear about " math anxiety , " and you 'll meet a @entity13 who captures the spirit of @entity16
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity19 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity24
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity30 click here for a printable version of the @entity19 ( @entity33 )
media literacy question of the day : what perspectives and elements might you include in a video report about a local hero ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
" math anxiety " fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what area is now the focus of the search for @entity52 ? what are some challenges of looking for something on the surface of the ocean ? what kind of plane has been brought in to aid the search ? if this plane spots something , what bigger challenge remains ? 2
what is the world 's oldest currency still in use ? describe the makeover that this coin is getting
why is it being redesigned ? in what ways could this redesign come at a cost for some businesses and the @entity8 government ? 3
what is " math anxiety " ? according to the video : what are some reasons why some people have math anxiety ? how might an awareness of math anxiety help educators ? 4
who is @entity85 ? in what sport did she once compete ? why did she start @entity87 ? what are the priorities for its skaters ? discussion questions : 1
why do you think that the @entity94 is sending military equipment to help in the search for @entity52 ? why do you think it is so important for the families of the passengers and crew and for the rest of the world to find the missing plane ? 2
how do you think that technology has helped and hurt counterfeiters ? how do governments respond to the possibility of counterfeit currency ? has the currency that you use changed over the past few years ? if so , how ? why do you think that counterfeit currency is so dangerous to a country 's economy ? 3
why do you think that some people are anxious about math ? what might be some ways to overcome this fear ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity121 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity146 student news ! click here to submit your @entity149 request .
