-- a member of one of the ruling royal families in the oil - rich @entity7 , sheikh @entity2 's work as an environmental campaigner might seem an unlikely vocation
but , @entity10 , 45 , affectionately known internationally as the " @entity2 , " abandoned a lucrative career in the petroleum industry to pursue a vocation defending the climate
after completing a doctorate in @entity18 and @entity19 , @entity20 -- whose uncle is ruler of @entity21 , the smallest of the @entity7 's seven emirates -- joined the government as environmental adviser
the @entity2 now works as chairman of the @entity26 for the @entity27 towards a @entity28 and is honorable president of the @entity30 , at the @entity7 's @entity31
in an interview with @entity0 's @entity33 , he talks about how he mitigates his own carbon footprint in daily life , his role in the forthcoming @entity38 earth summit and says of his previous career in the oil industry : " you want to go to paradise ? first you go to hell
" @entity0 : why do they call you the @entity2 ? @entity10 : it is not what people normally think of green like ( the ) color of an object
@entity2 for me means , g for global , r for rethink , e for enlightenment -- we need guidance , we need a way to follow ... the other @entity53 is ethics -- morals , values ; and last one is n , we can not live alone , we can not live ( as ) individuals , but we can live together as a network
@entity0 : you preach about the environment in an oil country ... some might say they may not care about the environment
what do you think ? an : i studied chemical engineering ... but then i ( converted ) from polluter to protector ... i have to make a change
the change is to inspire myself , to inspire my people , to think about the capacity of natural resources
@entity0 : what do you think the problems are when it comes to environment in the @entity7 ? an : the partnership and the relationship between public , private and @entity83
i think the collaboration is important
we can say it 's a problem ... we can say ( it 's ) a challenge
i think the most important thing is cultural and behavioral change
@entity0 : the @entity90 on @entity91 is taking place in @entity93 in a few months
what will be your role at the conference ? an : i want to focus on the youth
really , i love the youth because even ( as ) i grow , my soul is young , my heart is young
i think the youth is changing worldwide
the thing is not to tell them what to do ... as someone from ( a ) ruling family , you are so prestigious , you are so high , when you go down , listening to them , inspiring them , talking to them , giving them the hope ... they feel so motivated and very powerful
@entity0 : will the @entity7 be participating in the conference ? an : yes , the @entity7 from the government , from the public and the @entity83 delegate , ( will ) go , and i will be joining them
( it ) will be interesting to tell our stories about sustainability in the @entity7
@entity0 : you could have been in the fuel industry and that would have made you more money
but instead you chose to be a protector ... how much did this decision cost you ? an : first of all , i worked in the oil industry ( for ) about three years
and the gas industry , and i smelled sulfur dioxide ; i drank ( hydrogen sulfide ) ; i was contaminated with a lot hazardous waste
@entity0 : so you were an environmental criminal ? an : i was ... you want to go to paradise ? first you go to hell
@entity0 : and , when was the day that you said , that 's it ? an : i felt it from inside
my lungs , you know , becoming irritated ; my breathing becoming vibrated
and i have seen people are dying , in front of me , ( really ) dying , when doing exercise through that environment
from that point , i went to the public
i went to the society ... empowering the public ; running on the street ; telling the people to save the environment -- that was 1996
a lot of people ( said ) : ' @entity2 , are you crazy ? you want to clean the road ? there we have a lot of labors can do that work for you and for others
' but i said : ' no , we should do that
the cleaning is not just about removing harmful things on the road , no , we have to clean our hearts
we have to clean our mind
we have to think better
' @entity0 : what would you like to teach your own kids ? an : habits , the good habits ... like reduce your income , not income ( like ) money , income of consumption
if you go to buy a product , do we need ( it ) all ? we go to a restaurant , but if we are five we order for two
i do n't order , what i do , the remaining food , i eat from them
so , i keep minimizing my ( input ) , reducing my carbon footprint
@entity0 : this is a country that has issues with water ... how do you use it on a daily basis ? an : two minutes per shower
do you know how many liters ( are produced in two minutes ) ? fifteen liters
if you ask any ordinary person , they will tell you ( they spend ) 10 - 15 minutes shower with dancing , with singing -- that 's more than 50 - 60 liters
@entity0 : the theme for the @entity38 conference is ' changing our future ' , what is the future that you want ? an : we need to understand the planet we live on
i think the young people , will learn from me , what resources they are going to keep ... and this resource is not about ( natural ) resources , but about their future generation .
