-- when @entity2 came up with his audacious plan to fly around the world in an aircraft powered only by the sun , he found that airplane manufacturers were skeptical such a plane could be built
so who built the first model of " @entity12 , " @entity2 's $ 72 - million solar - powered craft ? a company that makes ships
@entity2 , who won the first transatlantic balloon race and commanded the first balloon flight around the world , told @entity0 , " each time we asked the aeronautical industry to build that airplane , they told us it 's impossible
we can not make an airplane so light and so big
so who did we ask for some help ? a boat manufacturer
they had no idea it was impossible , so they built the pieces in carbon fiber and now we have an airplane
" the plane is made by the @entity36 company @entity35 , which made the @entity37 - winning @entity38
" people put limitations on their creativity , believing they have to rely on what they know and what they have done , " @entity2 says
he sees the @entity12 venture as a way to dramatically demonstrate that it 's possible to make a sharp break with the past -- in this case , by showing that renewable energy can replace fossil fuel
" a lot of industries say we have a society based on oil dependency , so let 's continue
... we know how to deal with oil
the result is @entity59 and @entity60 going bankrupt
it 's a typical example of people who did not make the turnaround early enough
if @entity59 made engines with much lower fuel consumption , they would not have gone bankrupt
" " we have to get rid of certainties , habits , paradigms , common assumptions , " @entity2 says
" these are the limits to creativity
" @entity2 , who is 51 , spoke about his new venture at the @entity75 conference in july 2009 and elaborated on it in a recent interview with @entity0
@entity0 : why are you interested in attempting to fly around the world in a solar airplane ? @entity2 : my life and the life of my family has to do with exploration , with adventure
my grandfather was the first man in the stratosphere , and my father was the first to touch the deepest point in the ocean
... for me adventure and exploration is something in the blood
so that 's why i flew around the world in a balloon in 1999
... it was considered to be impossible , i said , " let 's try it
" i succeeded after two failures , and i came to the middle of my life , thinking now that adventure has to go on , and a pioneering sprit has to go on , but how can the adventure be useful -- not a personal dream like flying around the world in a balloon -- but really useful ? i came up with idea of a solar airplane flying around the world with no fuel -- that would be a beautiful message in terms of technology , the energy of the future and the environment
@entity0 : so what is the status of the effort right now ? @entity2 : so the airplane is built
the first flight was achieved on the third of december and in the spring and summer this year , we 're going to make the high - altitude flights and the cycle of [ flying ] one day , one night and one day
we take off in the morning
we climb to 27,000 feet , and at the same time we load the batteries and run the engines on solar power only
then we fly through the night on the batteries in order to reach the next sunrise and continue the following day
so this makes a complete cycle , with no fuel
when this will be achieved , we will build a second airplane that will be able to cross the @entity139 and fly around the world
the first airplane has to prove that it 's possible to fly a complete cycle , one day , one night , one day
... this little airplane is not a @entity145 or @entity146 with a couple of solar cells
it 's a really high - tech carbon fiber airplane which is 200 feet in wingspan
so it has basically the wingspan of a jumbo jet 747 , it has the weight of a little car , and on average it can fly with the energy of a little motorcycle -- which is only provided by the sun. ... if an airplane like this can fly day and night with no fuel , then nobody can say in the future that it is impossible to use the same technology for cars , for heating systems , for air conditioning , for electronics and so on
@entity0 : how fast will the plane travel ? @entity2 : the plane will travel very slowly
otherwise it would take too much energy
the average speed will be 40 knots , roughly 55 miles per hour
@entity0 : and so a flight around the world will take how long ? @entity2 : it would take around 20 days and because there is only one pilot at a time in the cockpit , we 're going to land every five days and change the pilot
... when @entity184 crossed the @entity139 in 1927 , he was alone on board , and the airplane was full of gasoline and nobody thought than an airplane could take passengers over the @entity139
and 30 years later , airplanes were taking 200 passengers across the @entity139
so now we start the same thing over again , but with no fuel
we need an airplane that is very big , that is very light , and full of batteries , lithium polymer batteries , and it can take only one person
we have to see afterward if the technology can improve -- and transport people
but our goal is more to bring about a revolution in behavior than to bring a revolution in aviation
the goal is really to have people on ground who will follow this adventure and will start to use the same technologies , to save energy and to rely on renewable energy
@entity0 : what is the biggest technical challenge in building this airplane ? @entity2 : there are several challenges
one challenge is to have this airplane light enough despite its huge wingspan
the construction has to be done with carbon fiber with completely new technologies
the structure of @entity12 ... is 10 times lighter than the normal glider
it 's a breakthrough in construction technologies
the second challenge is energy
it has to fly through the night with a battery that has been loaded the previous day
so it has to be extremely energy efficient
another challenge is that it 's difficult to ... control such a huge airplane that flies so slowly and is so light
@entity0 : do you intend to be one of the pilots ? @entity2 : i will be one of the pilots , and @entity245 will also be a pilot
@entity0 : what 's the greatest risk on the flight ? @entity2 : the greatest risk is bad weather
if we can not remain in sunny areas , we may have to land somewhere or ditch in the ocean
but we have very , very good weathermen , and i 'm confident that it will work
@entity0 : so you will not be flying above the cloud cover ? @entity2 : we will be flying above the cloud cover , but during the night we have to fly lower because the efficiency of the batteries on the market is not yet sufficient for us to stay at high altitudes
so during the day we climb to 27,000 feet and then during the night , we go down to 10,000 feet to save energy
when we have sunlight , we go up again
which means that in the morning we absolutely have to be clear of clouds , otherwise we can not go up again
@entity0 : why ca n't you go up through clouds ? @entity2 : because we will have almost empty batteries every morning ... so if we have clouds in morning , we can not load the batteries to go back up
... this will be the big weather challenge for the team
@entity0 : where will you land the plane ? @entity2 : we need an airport with a large runway
we do n't need a long runway
we 'll have one stop in the @entity282 ... we have not yet decided where it will be
we 'll have five legs , and each leg will be five days and five nights on average
so we 'll stop in @entity289 , @entity290 , the @entity282 mainland , @entity292 and one stop probably in the @entity294 and then back in @entity289
@entity0 : what 's your projected date for takeoff ? @entity2 : the schedule is like this : in 2010 , we fly day and night
in 2011 , we 'll make international flights , several days and nights
in 2012 , we 'll cross the @entity139 , and in 2012 or 2013 , we 'll go around the world
@entity0 : how much does this project cost and who 's paying for it ? @entity2 : the entire budget is 100 million @entity282 dollars , coming from private sponsors
@entity0 : do you have children ? @entity2 : yes i have three kids
@entity0 : and are they adventurous ? @entity2 : well , they fly with me with hang gliders , with balloons , paragliders , micro-lights
they like it very much
but i 'd say they 're a little too young to show really what they 're going to do , they 're 15 , 17 and 19
... @entity0 : are you hoping your children will take on adventures the way you have ? @entity2 : no , i hope they will take on the challenge of improving the quality of life , bringing a pioneering spirit and new ways to think about political issues , environmental issues , technological issues , charity issues
in the 20th century , the heroes were the ones who went to the @entity341 , the @entity342 , @entity343 , the bottom of the ocean , space and the moon
in the 21st century i think the heroes will be the people who will improve the quality of life , fight poverty and introduce more sustainability .
