-- may 14 , 2014 has the wreckage of a long - lost ship been identified , more than 500 years after it sailed the ocean blue ? consider the claim today on @entity0 , and get up to speed on stories from @entity6 to @entity7
we 'll also report on a wildfire in @entity10 and tell you how frequently these disasters occur in the @entity13 on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity17 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity22
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity28 click here for a printable version of the @entity17 ( @entity31 )
media literacy question of the day : what do you think are some challenges of reporting from a war zone ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
@entity42 fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
where is @entity47 ? what kind of conflict has been taking place there and throughout the country ? who is @entity54 ? how did she and her brother survive the fighting and the siege ? how has the conflict taken a physical toll on them ? 2
in what region of @entity10 did wildfires start burning this past weekend ? as of last night , what was the status of these fires ? how much damage has been caused by them ? according to the video : how common are wildfires in the @entity13 ? what percentage of wildfires are caused by people ? 3
what wreckage does modern - day explorer @entity71 think he may have located ? where is it ? when did he actually find this wreckage ? why might it have been misidentified ? what has to happen in order to prove whether it really is @entity81 ' ship ? 4
what kind of " gut feeling " did former sgt. @entity82 have as he and his fellow soldiers met with village elders in northeast @entity87 ? what happened at the meeting ? what happened when the soldiers left the meeting ? what heroic actions earned @entity82 the @entity94 ? who does white say are the heroes of this battle ? why ? 5
where is @entity42 ? for how long has it been used as a military burial ground ? who was the first soldier buried there ? whose graves will you find there ? what are the plans for the cemetery 's future ? discussion questions : 1
in the video we hear that wildfires are relatively common in the @entity13 , and that most of them are caused by people
given the dangers and destruction of these fires , what are some suggestions you could offer for preventing them ? what would you include in a televised or online message about wildfire prevention ? 2
what types of evidence do you think that historians would need to confirm that the wreckage found by @entity71 is the @entity41 ? how might today 's technology help to determine the age and origin of the ship 's materials ? how might technology be used to determine if the ship was one of the fleet commanded by @entity81 ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity145 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity170 student news ! click here to submit your @entity173 request .
