@entity0 -- on a beautiful fall day in @entity4 , @entity0 , just north of @entity5 , @entity2 stepped onto the sidewalk on @entity7
" i love you ! " yelled one of the women in the crowd
how are you doing ? " for the people in the neighborhood , one of their own had come back
and she was n't just anyone , she was @entity17 -- a real celebrity standing right there on @entity7
cellular phones and digital cameras were raised in the air to capture images of @entity2 in all of her blonde pixie - haired grace
the appearance was n't for a singing engagement or a @entity27 signing
this was a dream being fulfilled , a symbol of her own struggles as a child and a young woman
it was the official ribbon - cutting for the @entity36
the building has no sign yet , but its pastel - painted rooms will soon become a haven for women and young girls , offering them different programs for education , life skills , self - empowerment and much more if @entity2 has her way
@entity48 ( foundation for the @entity50 ) , which was founded by @entity2 and @entity51 , partnered with design house @entity52 and @entity54 to bring @entity2 's center to fruition
after local officials spoke , @entity2 stepped up
" when i was 5 years old there was a lot that happened to me ... that i carry ... all my life
" her voice filled with emotion
people in the crowd started to yell in support
" do n't cry ! " " it 's ok , @entity2 ! " " we love you ! " @entity2 removed her sunglasses to wipe away her tears
" and when ... i was growing up after that , i saw so many women beaten to death , almost to their death , by men
" @entity1 spoke with @entity2 at the center
she talked about her personal struggles as a young woman , how her spirit helped her rise above thoughts of suicide and her plans to help women now
the following is an edited version of the interview
@entity1 : i feel like you can really help young women
do you feel that way ? @entity2 : i always felt that i wanted to help women , period
as a child i [ saw ] women really , really suffer terrible , terrible situations , and i vowed as a child to want to do something -- anything -- that can help them have better self - esteem so that they do n't have to be subjected to men that wanted to kill them
in my music , that 's what i 've been doing in my career , and now through @entity48 i 'm doing that
@entity1 : today was touching , especially seeing you break down and talk about your life
was it difficult to go to that place ? @entity2 : well , today was very , very heavy
it was happy and sad because you know the very place where i 've seen so many women suffer is the sad part , and the very place that i suffered is the sad part
but the happy part is i 'm back to help
i 'm back doing what i dreamed to do
my dream is coming true
@entity1 : will all age ranges be able to come here and seek guidance ? @entity2 : all age ranges will be able to come to this center
women from all walks of life , not just women from poverty - stricken areas
... whatever it is , they 'll be able to come here
there are gon na be psychologists here , doctors here , day care centers here
anything that you need or they need to be able to better themselves is here for them
@entity1 : what got you through when you were young ? @entity2 : i guess what got me through when i was young was something i guess a lot of people do n't have and that was just the will
... i do n't know what was driving me
i guess it was something in me did want to die -- you know , i guess my spirit did n't want to die , but my physical body definitely was at some point was like i got ta get out of here
... my physical body was contemplating suicide and all this other crazy stuff , and my spirit is what saved me , i believe
@entity1 : do you think there are enough resources out there for women ? @entity2 : i think there 's definitely enough resources , but ... a lot of women are ashamed to come forth
what i believe i 've done for women is show them , look , i 'm @entity2 and i 'm telling you you do n't have to be ashamed
... that 's why i think as celebrities we 're given this job
we 're not given this job to just hold onto this stuff and die with it
we 're given this job to be able to touch someone and say , " me , too , " because they look up to us and look to us for help and guidance and want to be able to relate to us
@entity1 : when you reached adulthood what set you free ? @entity2 : the truth was ... i had to admit that i needed help and i needed help in self - love and finding myself
and i had to admit that although i was ashamed that i did n't know who i was
... @entity1 : will you be up here and have time in your schedule to come to the center ? @entity2 : i will definitely be up here
i mean before this building had this much in it i was here with the girls
... i would come and talk to them , i 'd give them things , i sent them clothes
i 'd get their letters , i 'd send them letters back
i 'm definitely gon na be here
@entity1 : have you had a sigh of relief that it has all come to fruition ? @entity2 : i am so happy today is the day , ya know ? we cut the ribbon .
