-- may 20 , 2014 today 's show is highly scientific , with reports on computer hacking software , a paleontologist 's dream discovery , and a sort of drone that @entity10 hopes will explore other planets
we also cover a giant business deal in the telecommunications world , and we explain how zombies factor in to a military training plan
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity20 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity25
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity31 click here for a printable version of the @entity20 ( @entity34 )
media literacy question of the day : what information would you need to gather to make a case for or against a proposed corporate merger ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
media consolidation fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what is creepware ? according to the video , how many people may have been victims of this malware ? what crimes may have been committed using @entity55 ? how have authorities around the world responded to these crimes ? 2
according to the video , why has the @entity60 military drawn up a document for dealing with a zombie apocalypse ? in what ways will this be a teaching tool ? 3
what is the world 's largest land animal ? how does its size compare to that of a titanosaur ? in what country have scientists unearthed the fossilized bones of a newly - identified species of titanosaur ? what do they say about this dinosaur ? 4
what government agency regulates communications in the @entity60 , including cable , satellite , and tv ? according to the video : what pending media merger will this agency and the @entity87 soon review ? what is the concern behind this latest merger for consumers ? what upside do @entity93 and @entity94 say the merger will have for consumers ? what is the role of the @entity87 and the @entity100 in reviewing this proposed deal ? 5
how much has the @entity60 spent on space exploration since 1959 ? how many astronauts have lost their lives on missions ? what is @entity107 ? what advantages does it offer to @entity10 's space program ? what kind of fuel does it use ? why is this significant ? what setbacks has @entity107 had ? discussion questions : 1
what do you know about malware ? what advice might you give to friends or relatives to avoid becoming victims of different kinds of malware ? 2
what factors might prompt a company to seek a merger with another ? in general , when might a merger be good for consumers ? when might a merger present problems for consumers ? 3
would you like to see federal regulators approve or reject the @entity93 - @entity94 merger ? why ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity139 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity164 student news ! click here to submit your @entity167 request .
