-- a @entity2 woman receives death threats because she would n't clean up her dog 's mess on the subway ; a @entity8 man suspected of philandering is besieged by angry emails and phone calls ; an @entity13 college student caught plagiarizing online is turned in by incensed bloggers
a zombie ' flesh mob ' hits the streets of @entity19 , @entity20 forget @entity21 , it 's the internet mob that 's watching you ... it 's a long time since the @entity25 was populated purely by geeks and freaks
our personas in virtual space are increasingly integrated with our " real life " identities ; a growing number of people have @entity36 profiles , blogs and @entity39 accounts
and our physical and virtual worlds are meshing , too
" @entity43 " is one of the @entity25 's stranger crazes
groups of people organized by web sites , email and text message descend on public spaces to take part in bizarre demonstrations of performance art. the first flash mob took place at @entity55 in @entity56 in june 2003 when over a hundred people converged in the rug department
the phenomenon has spread to flash parties on subway trains and silent flash raves in train stations in @entity64 ; flash pillow fights in @entity66 ; zombie flash mobs in @entity68 ; and a flash proposal of marriage to one girl in @entity72
flash mobbing is seen at worst as a nuisance that can delay commuters and other travelers who encounter mobs in action
but groups of people have been harnessed via the internet for purposes other than entertainment -- and one of these phenomena , known as " mobbing , " is more sinister
in 2005 , a woman known as " @entity87 " became the victim of an @entity25 shame attack when , after refusing to clean up after her dog on a @entity2 subway train , another commuter posted her picture on the @entity25
she was quickly identified , her personal details were posted online , she was subjected to harassment and she even received death threats
in a recent article for @entity99 , web guru @entity97 wrote , " collectives tend to be mean , to designate official enemies , to be violent , and to discourage creative , rigorous thought ... we might be genetically wired to be vulnerable to the lure of the mob
" and @entity97 thinks it could go further
" what 's to stop an online mass of anonymous but connected people from suddenly turning into a mean mob , just like masses of people have time and time again in the history of every human culture ? " some say it 's already happening
internet mobbing is most prevalent in @entity120 countries , where social norms are strict yet perceived as under threat
people are targeted when they are thought to have deviated from those norms
along with @entity87 , vigilantes have pursued other targets with menacing enthusiasm
it took just five days in 2006 for vigilantes to track down the " @entity130 " -- a @entity8 woman who was videoed crushing a kitten 's skull with her high - heeled shoe
both she and the man who filmed her had their personal and contact information posted across the @entity25 , along with @entity25 " @entity139 " posters
they lost their jobs and had to issue public apologies , a stern punishment in a country where animal protection laws do not exist
the same year , a manhunt was on to catch the " @entity147 " , a @entity149 expat who detailed his dalliances with numerous @entity8 women
@entity8 bloggers raged against him
one , a professor of psychology at the @entity156 , called for an " internet hunt for the immoral foreigner " and called repeatedly for the man to be " found and kicked out of @entity8 ! ! ! " in another well - known @entity8 case , an angry husband who suspected his wife was having an affair with a college student she 'd met in an online game asked for help tracking him down
the @entity168 reported that the student , who denied the accusation , was bombarded with harassing and threatening e-mails
this vigilante action might be prompted by understandable moral outrage , but some are concerned that the headline - grabbing witch - hunts have been vastly out of proportion with the original transgressions
vigilantes have not stopped at reprimanding their quarry : they have shamed them publicly in front of thousands of people ; their identities and personal details have been posted for all to see , making them vulnerable to fraud and identity theft ; they and their families have been harassed
a director at @entity2 's @entity193 , @entity191 told the @entity194 , " victims can not live a normal life
they quit jobs and run away from society
they even flee the country
it 's like lynching victims in a ' people 's court on the @entity204
' " it 's hard not to feel sympathy for some targets of mobbing
an @entity13 college student known as " @entity210 " ( not her real name ) was caught out when she offered a stranger $ 75 via instant messenger to write a paper for her
unfortunately for her , the person she approached , comedy writer and blogger @entity215 , accepted her offer and blogged about it , hoping to teach the plagiarist a lesson
but the story was seized by enraged bloggers and quickly span out of control : they flooded her home and college with emails and phone calls , demanding she be kicked out of school
@entity210 quickly became the butt of @entity233 jokes and her long - term employment prospects suffered ( ask any employer who googles a potential recruit before hiring ; her real name is still easily obtainable online )
there 's no doubt that plagiarism is wrong , but was the punishment meted out to her appropriate for her crime ? a commenter posting as " @entity246 " thinks not
she wrote on @entity215 's blog , " i felt slightly sick when i read that , apparently , a fair number of people on this thread want to see ' ms. @entity210 ' expelled , publicly flayed , drawn and quartered , et cetera
" as a college student working my a * * off for an @entity20 degree , i have no respect for this girl ... but she is , above all , just a stupid kid who did a stupid thing
" once they 're targeted , there 's little that people can do to remove details about them online
information travels fast and can be replicated with ease
@entity215 removed @entity210 's name and college from his site at the request of her mother , but her details remain on other sites
it would take remarkable concerted effort -- and co-operation from web site owners -- to expunge her information from the @entity25
this is partly because the @entity25 is not regulated by any one set of laws
it transcends national boundaries , and makes recourse to legal avenues complicated , expensive and questionably effective , as @entity284 model @entity283 found when she tried to use the law to remove @entity287 videos of her romping in the sea with her banker boyfriend
as fast as @entity287 took down the videos , they were re-posted , while the press coverage of the lawsuit simply sparked more interest in the footage , plus a whole host of spoof tributes
the most concerning aspect of mobbing , though , is the way large groups of people can be mobilized to attack a perceived transgressor without their accusers providing any real evidence of their guilt
on the @entity25 , the mob can be judge and jury
one @entity13 blogger , @entity310 , has touted the use of mobbing as a tool to hold public officials accountable for their actions
" is n't the threat of hundreds of people calling you during dinner to tell you what a jerk you are seem like it would make you tone it down a bit ? " he wrote
" when i see an infuriating story crop up on @entity324 , i 'm going to dig for personal information about the offenders and post it to the comments , " he continued
but while @entity310 's intentions might be to protect the public , can mob rule be a viable option for any society ? some argue that virtual lynchings will only turn transgressors into victims
even online , as the saying goes , two wrongs do n't make a right
in the meantime , those thinking of the internet as an idyllic place for freedom of expression would be wise to take heed : say what you like , but remember that the mob is watching you ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... do internet users have the right to track people online ? have you experienced @entity25 mobbing ? share your stories and read what others have to say in the forum
