-- october 15 , 2013 with the debt ceiling deadline days away , leaders in @entity2 say they 're optimistic about reaching a deal
we also discuss an infectious bacterium that appeared in an @entity8 locker room , and we explain the @entity10 ritual of @entity11
plus , we make a @entity12 with an opera singer , and a high school elects a king and queen that students say embody the spirit of homecoming
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity22 , maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity28
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity34 click here for a printable version of the @entity22 ( @entity37 )
media literacy question of the day : what are the benefits and limitations of a news report about a medical issue ? where could you go to get more complete information ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
@entity50 ( @entity50 ) 2
supply and demand fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what 's the status of the congressional debate over the debt ceiling ? who are some of the major players in this debate ? 2
why are there concerns over @entity50 ? what are some ways to prevent the spread of this bacterium ? 3
what advice does opera singer @entity71 have about a career in the arts ? discussion questions : 1
do you think that both houses of @entity78 and president @entity79 will agree on a debt ceiling deal by october 17 ? why or why not ? what do you think are some of the challenges of reaching an agreement ? 2
what do you think of fish farms as a solution to meeting the demand for fish ? how might they compare and contrast with ocean fishing ? what is your opinion of the fish farm described in the report ? 3
in your view , what characteristics should a homecoming king or queen possess ? what were your thoughts on the homecoming story in the program ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity106 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
@entity116 download @entity37 maps related to today 's show : @entity119 @entity2 @entity120 , @entity121 ; @entity122 feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity139 student news ! click here to submit your @entity142 request .
