-- incomes ? home prices ? new car sales ? @entity4 exactingly measure everything that pertains to their material well - being
but when it comes time to assess the things that matter most -- human well - being and happiness -- there we find ourselves baffled
this week , @entity4 celebrate @entity13
the @entity14 can inform us how much @entity4 will spend and how that spending compares to last year and the year before that
it can tell us how much of that spending will be directed to candy , how much to cards , how much to lingerie , how much to dinners out
specialists will inform you , if asked , about the relative size of the gay and lesbian @entity22 market , how many @entity22 dollars will be spent on pets , and how @entity13 spending compares to @entity30 and @entity31
but what the @entity22 dollars buy ? that is a lot more obscure
the lost art of offline dating the statisticians can tell us that 31 million @entity4 live alone , and that fewer than half of @entity4 homes are shared by a husband and wife
their data shows that the @entity4 birth rate plunged to an all - time low in 2011 , and that almost one - fifth of @entity4 women in their 40s have not had children
but the statisticians can not tell us what we most want to know : are these trends conducive to human flourishing ? are we doing a better or worse job of sustaining love and family compared to other places and other times ? these questions -- the very most important of them all -- are the questions where our public discussion is most accepting of answers based on raw assertion
" living alone comports with modern values
it promotes freedom , personal control and self - realization
" that sunny assessment comes from @entity67 , author of the 2012 book , " @entity69
" maybe he 's right -- go try to prove he 's not ! the hookup culture of commitment - free sex ? it 's empowering , claims a new book excerpted in the @entity75
" to put it crudely , feminist progress right now largely depends on the existence of the hookup culture
and to a surprising degree , it is women -- not men -- who are perpetuating the culture , especially in school , cannily manipulating it to make space for their success , always keeping their own ends in mind
" are more children growing up in single - parent households ? that 's a good thing , asserts journalism professor @entity93 in a @entity94 op - ed. the upside of online dating : always a funny story to tell " if you think that being married ensures a good life for your children you need only enter a bookstore and open any novel , or go to the theater and watch practically any play , or have dinner with nearly anyone you know
suffering is everywhere , and married parents , even happily married parents , raise screwed - up or alcoholic or lost children , just as single parents raise strong , healthy ones , " @entity93 writes
if we were reading about running - shoe production , or the relative costs of different sources of electricity , or the merits of different mobile phones , we 'd want facts and proof
but when it comes to the things that matter most , proof is difficult and our feelings are strong
how technology has changed romance " people do n't actually read newspapers , " quipped the great student of mass media , @entity128
" they slip into them like a warm bath
" we want to hear that @entity135 can substitute for the marriages we do n't form , and that friends and pets provide more gratification than the children we do n't have
we want to believe that we can shed sexual partners without a pang and attract new ones at every age of life
and in our dynamic consumer economy , there is always a provider who will deliver what we want
who will say that they are wrong ? the opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of @entity155 .
