-- february 18 , 2014 stories from around the world highlight this edition of @entity0 , as we lead with events in @entity6 and @entity7
we 'll also explore what seasonal affective disorder is , and we 'll explain why presidents day officially does n't exist
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity14 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity19
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity25 click here for a printable version of the @entity14 ( @entity28 )
media literacy question of the day : why is it important for citizens to get objective information about their government and its opposition ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
seasonal affective disorder ( @entity41 ) 3
@entity42 fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
based on what you heard in the video , how would you describe @entity6 's government ? who was @entity50 ? who is the current president of @entity6 ? what action did he recently take regarding some @entity55 diplomats there ? 2
according to the video , what is going on in the streets of @entity59 ? why are students protesting ? how has the president responded to them ? how has his response impacted the student protests ? 3
what is seasonal affective disorder ? according to dr. @entity68 , what chemicals are out of balance in the brain , causing @entity41 ? what do some doctors recommend people do to deal with @entity41 ? 4
according to the report , why was the @entity42 almost never built ? how long did it take to approve the site ? how long did it take to complete the monument ? what are some of the events that have taken place at the @entity42 ? discussion questions : 1
what do you think it means to say that @entity6 's president has the media " on a tight leash , " as described in the video ? how might this affect the media 's ability to report on what is going on in the country ? 2
what is inflation ? how does inflation impact consumers ' buying power ? what impact do you think high inflation has on a nation 's economy ? how might economic instability lead to political instability in a country ? 3
what advice would you give to a friend who feels depressed during the winter ? 4
have you ever visited a memorial to a @entity55 president ? if so , describe it and the experience
was there any symbolism associated with the memorial you visited ? explain
how does a presidential memorial give us insight into the personality and character of a chief executive ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity126 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity151 student news ! click here to submit your @entity154 request .
