-- february 20 , 2014 what 's behind the unrest in three world capitals ? today 's @entity0 takes a look at developments in @entity6 , @entity7 and @entity8
we continue our global coverage with a snapshot of unemployment levels around the world
and we deliver a character study of a young @entity16 team member
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity20 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity25
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity31 click here for a printable version of the @entity20 ( @entity34 )
media literacy question of the day : what perspectives do you think that journalists should include when covering stories about protest movements ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
@entity46 76ers fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what are the capital cities of @entity52 , @entity53 and @entity54 ? how would you describe what is happening in each of these cities ? 2
according to the video : what 's been the general trend in @entity61 job numbers ? what is holding consumer spending back , and why ? in the @entity65 , how has the @entity64 impacted job numbers there ? what segment of the society seems to be most impacted ? what 's been happening to the unemployment rate in the @entity71 since 2011 ? did the creation of new jobs keep pace with those entering the employment market ? why were the last two employment reports out of the @entity78 disappointing ? why are some economists cautioning not to read too much into these numbers ? 3
who is @entity82 ? what was his position on his high school basketball team ? what happened when his coach put him into the game ? what @entity16 team signed him to a two - day contract ? how have fans reacted ? discussion questions : 1
what challenges might reporters face when covering stories about violent protests ? do you think that these stories need to be told ? why or why not ? 2
how does a country 's unemployment rate give us a glimpse into the state of that country 's economy ? why might a period of political unrest be damaging to a national economy ? what role might uncertainty play in consumers ' spending ? 3
why do you think that the @entity46 signed a contract with @entity82 ? what message does this send to their fans ? how do you think he impacts the team ? are you aware of other professional teams who have signed individuals in a symbolic way ? explain
@entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity128 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity153 student news ! click here to submit your @entity156 request .
