-- january 22 , 2014 today 's show starts in @entity2 , where international officials , police and security forces are responding to terrorist threats surrounding the upcoming @entity7
we step out into space for the " wake - up call " of a @entity12 spacecraft , and we take an early look inside the tallest building in the @entity15 we 'll also introduce you to a teenager who 's making a positive impact in her world
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity22 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity27
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity33 click here for a printable version of the @entity22 ( @entity36 )
media literacy question of the day : what kinds of images and sound might a city hosting a major sports event want to make public in advance of the event ? why ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
@entity51 fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
when and where will the upcoming @entity55 take place ? what security challenge might officials there face ? 2
according to scientists : why was the @entity50 satellite put into hibernation two years ago ? what happened when scientists tried to " wake " it ? 3
what kind of severe weather is affecting much of the northern and eastern @entity15 ? how has the weather impacted government and businesses ? what weather emergency are some people in @entity73 facing ? 4
who is @entity75 ? how is she making a difference in her community ? discussion questions : 1
what are @entity2 authorities doing to address terrorist threats surrounding the @entity82 ? who has threatened to attack the games ? what is the @entity15 doing to address this possibility ? do you think the threat will impact attendance at the @entity55 ? explain
if you were going to the @entity55 , would you be concerned ? state your rationale
what is the spacecraft @entity50 's mission ? what is its cost ? what kinds of information do you think scientists will be able to obtain as a result ? do you think that this kind of space exploration is worth pursuing ? why or why not ? 3
what are some of the features of the new @entity51 ? what kinds of businesses do you think might be best suited to this building ? why ? 4
f you know of a story of an individual who has taken a personal challenge and turned it into an effort to help others , share that with the class
what can others learn from these stories ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity122 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity148 student news ! click here to submit your @entity151 request .
