-- january 14 , 2014 it 's not every day that the three branches of @entity4 government intersect , but we 're breaking down why and how in today 's edition of @entity0
we also report on water pollution in @entity8 , a security warning regarding the @entity10 , and a student who refuses to let @entity12 keep him from going to college
on this page you will find today 's show transcript , the @entity17 , and a place for you to leave feedback
transcript click here to access the transcript of today 's @entity22
please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published
@entity28 click here for a printable version of the @entity17 ( @entity31 )
media literacy question of the day : how might public health officials use media to inform residents of a potentially dangerous situation ? key concepts : identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1
parts per million ( ppm ) fast facts : how well were you listening to today 's program ? 1
what is the focus of the case between @entity51 and the president that was heard before the @entity53 yesterday ? 2
why did officials in some parts of @entity8 tell residents not to use their tap water ? according to the video , how are residents dealing with the ban ? 3
where will this year 's @entity60 be held ? why did the @entity62 issue a travel warning for @entity4 going there ? discussion questions : 1
if you were arguing each side in the @entity53 case discussed in today 's program , what points would you make ? in this case , do you think that the framers of the @entity73 would be more sympathetic to the president or to the @entity51 ? why ? 2
what other examples of checks and balances can you recall from other recent news stories ? in each case , did any one branch of government have an advantage ? explain
have you ever had to deal with a water emergency due to a storm or other catastrophe ? if so , how did you work around it ? if not , how would you handle a ban on tap water if your community were faced with it ? what would you do ? 4
what different roles and responsibilities fall under the @entity4 @entity62 regarding @entity4 ' travel ? what kinds of situations might prompt an @entity4 traveler to contact the @entity62 for help ? @entity0 is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the @entity102 , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum
we hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them
feedback we 're looking for your feedback about @entity0
please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources
also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom
the educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well
thank you for using @entity128 student news ! click here to submit your @entity131 request .
