-- we are pretty new to the youth sports world — my son is five — and i 've already seen crazy parents and coaches and kids who are being pushed against their will
i just pray that my kid continues to have awesome coaches who understand what it 's all about and how to keep things in age - appropriate perspective
@entity15 has his first soccer game on saturday and his coach ( who he 's had for the past two seasons ) wrote this in his first email : " my coaching philosophy is simple
we will win every game
losing is not an option
losing sucks ! so start the kids on a raw steak diet and i will see all of you monday at 5:15 for our first practice
" he was obviously poking fun at the youth sports culture we live in where kids start playing younger and get ultra competitive way too soon
and i honestly ca n't wait for the game this weekend
it 's so great to see my kid having so much fun and playing well and getting such joy and confidence from his team and his coach
the thing is , a good coach can be the most amazing mentor to young kids , someone whose words they 'll remember forever
but a bad coach — even one bad coach — can be beyond damaging and completely ruin a sport for a young person , and shake their confidence in irreparable ways
by now you 've probably heard about the @entity59 men 's basketball coach and how he was fired today after videos surfaced of him physically and verbally abusing his team over the past three years
i 've watched the video a few times — it 's the second most disturbing basketball video i 've seen this week ( the first would be @entity65 's horrific leg break )
parenting.com : are kids ' sports too competitive ? the coach , @entity69 , is seen kicking players , throwing balls at them ( even at their heads ! ) , pushing them and screaming terrible gay slurs
it 's insane and hard to watch
the dude seems like a total nutcase who should seek help immediately and i ca n't believe the athletic director did n't do more when he first learned of this behavior last year ( actually , of course i can believe it as we all know how effed up these big programs can be — hello , @entity86 )
and i ca n't even imagine what else those poor boys endured
that 's the thing that gets me most now that i 'm a mom : these are boys
some of them fresh out of high school , their first time on their own and this is the kind of person they have looking out for them ? shaping them as men who will grow up to — guess what ? — probably not play basketball
( the @entity101 is the first to acknowledge the statistical unlikelihood of their players going pro. ) parenting.com : competitive sports ... for toddlers ? and i can only imagine what their parents must think seeing this video now
they probably invited this man into their homes for recruiting visits and trusted him with their impressionable boys , trusted him to mold them and inspire them and look out for them
now do n't get me wrong , i know that coaching on this level is not about blowing sunshine up your team 's butt
@entity59 is a big - time @entity127 program and this man 's job is to get as many wins as possible
coaches yell , they get frustrated , they may even freak out occasionally
i think athletes know this and certainly college athletes have been around long enough to understand that every coach has a different style and some are yellers
but -- and i ca n't believe this needs to be said -- throwing balls at a kid 's head and calling him a " fairy " and worse is just plain unacceptable
i played @entity143 and i can tell you it was n't all clapping and positive reinforcement
in all honesty , we had an emotionally abusive coach who was ultimately fired , but that 's another story for another time
the point is , i get that it 's tough , i get that it 's not black and white
parenting.com : 1 in 50 : real faces of autism but i also get that there should be a line
and perhaps when you find yourself heaving a basketball at a kid 's head , that line has been crossed
i have long been dubious of big - time college sports and what it does to the self - esteem and psyches of young people
and what , in the end , is the payoff for such a huge sacrifice ( when you play @entity176 sports in a big program , it is pretty much all you do ) ? my experience — which was pretty awful and lasted only one year and is still something i rarely talk about — has influenced my feelings on this a lot
that 's not to say i do n't want my kids playing or that i do n't believe in sports
before college i was a die - hard athlete and loved every second of the sports culture
and i had some great coaches
i also had some so - so ones
and i saw plenty of the politicking that goes on , which is another icky reality we as parents need to be aware of
i love sports and i know how good they are for our kids
i wrote a story for @entity200 's april issue -- " @entity201 " -- that discusses all of this and more
we are in a brave new world and anyone whose kids play or will play should read it
yes , youth sports are fantastic for our kids
but there are risks and other factors to consider
including who are the people we trust to coach our children
are they trained ? are they positive ? are they too focused on winning ? do they know what to do in case of injury ? are they ... abusive ? i 'm fascinated and frightened by all of it and i just hope i can maintain my convictions to never take any of it too seriously as my kids get older
a bad coach can change a person
and as a mother to kids who will likely be playing plenty of sports , stories like this @entity59 debacle stay with me and make me think
parenting.com : finding the best sports team for your child sure this is the college level which , when it comes to basketball , may as well be pro. but we hand over our kids — our little kids — to coaches all the time
who knows what 's going on at practice when we 're not there ? if your kid is anything like mine he 's probably not giving you the blow - by - blow you want
so maybe it 's not be a bad idea to ask the coach what his or her philosophy is before leaving the field next time
would love to know what you guys think of this story
how did you react ? what would you do if it was your son getting pegged in the head ? are you dubious of youth sports and the competitive nature ? get 2 @entity273 now ! ! copyright 2011 @entity274
reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited .
