in @entity1 on thursday , fashion designer @entity0 gave audiences quite a show when he sent male models down the runway wearing clothes with peepholes that offered a glimpse of the guys ' formerly private parts
" nudity is the most simple and primal gesture -- it packs a punch , " @entity12 said of his decision to have his models bare all
... who else can really get away with this stuff ? it 's a corporate world ! " the looks were simply for shock and awe and the attention such reactions generate -- after all , they ca n't be worn out in public and wo n't be sold in stores
but let 's be honest : were we even shocked ? after all , female models have been asked to sashay down runways in states of near nakedness for years
meanwhile , more and more films are featuring full frontal male nudity
there was @entity37 in " @entity38 , " of course
and who can forget the uproar over the cameo of @entity44 's penis in " @entity45 , " albeit so brief one had to know the precise moment to look for it ? and if we 've seen @entity44 's penis , who cares about some male model 's ? of course , women have been going full frontal in films for years
perhaps the onslaught of nakedness is a sign that public nudity is becoming an equal opportunity endeavor ; that women are no longer required to do all the showing
that 's not a bad thing
maybe the " @entity65 " people are finally getting their way , and women will be able to parade topless around town , or at the gym , or wherever they please , without stares or stigma ( or arrest ) , as men have done for ages
more likely , it 's a clear sign that we 're a culture so overexposed that we 've got no other choice but to up the stakes at every turn
we are becoming -- have become -- immune to that which was previously surprising / revolting / awe - inspiring
it 's amazing how quickly @entity86 went from outre to passe , is n't it ? meanwhile , @entity88 is a faint middle - aged voice from the past who in a time long ago made news with pointy bras -- positively puritanical compared to the starlets of today
consider their norms : going commando -- that 's " without underwear , " because , yes , there 's even a phrase for it
posing naked for mainstream magazines
the @entity107 sisters spent the fall one - upping each other -- first @entity108 's naked backside on the cover of @entity111 ( a sight credited with " breaking the @entity113 " ) and then @entity115 's naked pregnant belly ( and backside ) online at @entity117 , because if one reality sister does it , so , too , must the other
@entity121 , meanwhile , continues to one - up herself , graduating from foam fingers and lewd gestures to her recent full frontal magazine spread in @entity125 , the release of which she celebrated with a crude shoutout on social media
but what 's next ? what does she , or any of these women , do for an encore ? where does a jaded culture go from here for kicks ? the envelope has already been pushed beyond what we once thought were the limits
what is left ? perhaps they 'll think of something
you just know those " @entity146 " shows are trying to figure out how to show somebody actually die
you know that some starlet on the verge will go beyond a private sex tape ( yawn ) to arrange to be caught in the act
or maybe we 'll grow up and become more @entity155 in our sensibilities , and react less like middle school boys at the sight of a breast
maybe we 'll learn that hitting bottom culturally reveals a whole new bottom underneath
whatever the impetus , the bottom is in sight
after all , being outrageous today is hard work , and only getting harder
the payoff , meanwhile , has nowhere to go but down .
