@entity0 , @entity1 -- @entity3 and @entity4 are battle buddies
they both joined the @entity7 at 18
they 've served together on missions at home and abroad
but both also bear mental and physical scars from their military service in @entity14 : @entity3 lost his legs to an anti-tank land mine , and @entity4 suffered a traumatic brain injury
while @entity3 was recovering at @entity20 in @entity21 , members of his community offered to help him build a home for his family
the gesture deeply affected him , inspiring a new mission
in 2008 , @entity3 and @entity4 founded @entity26 , a nonprofit that has modified or helped provide homes to 23 disabled @entity29 veterans
@entity3 was honored as a @entity30 this year for his work helping veterans
he recently sat down to talk about his work , his friendship with @entity4 and the unexpected roads they 've traveled together
@entity2 : how did you and @entity4 meet ? @entity3 : @entity4 and i met probably in 1996 , in the @entity7
we were just two young , 18 - year - old kids
... once you 're in the military and you have a battle buddy , they 're your battle buddy for life
he 's been there every step of the way
we 've done everything together
... we grew up together in the service
and i do n't think that 's a new thing for anybody
my grandfather did it with his buddies in @entity59 i think of us then , skinny little kids in green uniforms ... they do n't even wear those uniforms anymore , so you know that 's a long time ago
but it 's cool to see where we 've come
@entity2 : @entity4 had actually left the @entity7 when you got orders to deploy to @entity14
how did he end up going with you ? @entity3 : i called and i said , " do you want a vacation ? " he 's like , " what are you talking about ? " and i said : " we 're going to @entity14
do you want to go ? " he showed up a couple hours later ( and ) re-enlisted
that bond -- you ca n't let your friends go without you , if you can help it
we deployed in early 2004 , and we were attached to the @entity78
... we did a lot of missions right alongside the @entity81 : escorting convoys , searching houses , you name it
@entity2 : you were also injured together in november 2004
what happened exactly , and how did that impact your friendship ? @entity3 : we were on a patrol , part of combat operations on a supply route
this highway had been heavily mined in the past month with insurgent activity
there was always something going on , so we went out to kind of recon the area
the vehicle we were in -- @entity4 was driving -- we just went off the side of the road a little bit to avoid something
... i remember seeing all the sand across the dash of the @entity108 -- just like poof , pop -- go up in the air , and that was pretty much the last thing i remember
... there were anti-tank mines in the gravel , so that 's eventually how i lost both legs
... i know he felt really bad about it for a long time , something that was not even his fault
he blamed himself a lot for my injury
... @entity4 had those hidden wounds with traumatic brain injury and ( post-traumatic stress disorder ) , and i saw him struggle
@entity2 : your community helped you build your home
how was @entity4 involved in that , and how did that process inspire you to start @entity26 ? @entity3 : during the construction of my house , i was the contractor , my dad was my superintendent and @entity4 was kind of my confidant
... he 's been a custom builder since he was fairly young , so if i wanted to know about , " what 's the code issue on this specific thing ? what 's most cost effective solution ? " i would call , pick his brain and he always gave me good advice
closer to the end , he moved back to @entity0 and was able to help during the final build of the house
... when my community was helping me , it really showed me the potential power and the effectiveness of groups within communities , especially when we 're talking about veterans
... my family really had the best - case scenario for a family that had been hurt that bad , and i knew , after meeting other veterans , that that was n't the case for all of us
... there 's not as much help for ( veterans ) who were n't injured in @entity14 and @entity167
... @entity4 and i sat down and we started thinking about a nonprofit
... i really wanted to create a group that could show people that there 's thousands of veterans right here in our midst that could use help
that 's really what led us to form our organization with the values and the mission that we have
... regardless of when you served , we 're all the same
being able to empower communities to take care of even those gray - haired , distinguished veterans -- that 's really what we 're after
@entity2 : how does your experience serving in the military with @entity4 impact your working relationship ? @entity3 : the bond that you form doing the jobs and the dangerous missions we ( did ) is unbreakable
i might get mad at him , but i know we 'll be able to talk in 15 minutes after that
we really make a good team
... he 's really the hard - driving pusher that tries to make stuff happen , and i 'm the one who says , " hey , wait , let 's think about that again before it happens
" ... we 're an odd couple , but it works
... @entity4 and i have really grasped this , and we 're running with it as fast and as hard as we can
... i 'm glad he 's still my battle buddy , and i 'm glad we 've been able to have this next chapter of our lives , doing good things and helping people out .
