-- the fate of @entity2 -- the @entity4 , @entity5 , police officer who killed @entity6 -- is heading to a jury
but it may not be what you think
for the first time wednesday -- after 11 days of often emotional , sometimes violent protests demanding " justice " in the form of formal charges against @entity2 -- his case could move to court
yet , in stark contrast to the media frenzy on the streets of @entity4 in the aftermath of @entity6 's death , cameras wo n't be allowed into the courtroom
as activists stress the need for transparency , these proceedings will be secret
here are a few things to know about how the grand jury system should work as it pertains to this case and others in @entity5
is the grand jury the only way that a person can be charged with a crime ? no. in fact , it 's not the way most people are charged with crimes
it 's used by prosecutors only in a small percentage of cases
authorities can file a criminal complaint , which could then lead to a probable cause hearing in court
such a proceeding is open to the public and media
that 's not the case with a grand jury proceeding
so it 's closed to the public ? yes
and that does n't sit well with @entity6 's family
" it 's about transparency , " family lawyer @entity60 told @entity0
" this community has a distrust for the local enforcement officials
so if you have a secret grand jury proceeding , where nobody knows what the prosecutor presents ... and the grand jury comes back and says we find this ( shooting ) justified , i think that 's going to be very problematic for this community to accept
" still , while they might not like it , the @entity6 camp 's opposition to the secretive grand jury process wo n't open it up
this may be convenient for @entity82 prosecuting attorney @entity81 given the intense public pressure on the case , said veteran criminal defense lawyer @entity85
" he 's already , i think , kind of punted this over to the grand jury , " said @entity85 , a @entity0 legal analyst
" so that ( if ) they do n't bring an indictment , he can say ' well , it 's out of my hands
' the members of the community said that there is no crime here
" how is a grand jury picked ? just like any other jury
citizens get a summons in the mail telling them to come to court
if they make the cut , they are on a grand jury
in this case , the jurors will come from @entity82 , @entity5
how many people are on a grand jury ? in @entity5 , it 's 12 people
( the number might be different in other cases
) does their decision have to be unanimous for a charge to be filed ? no. it 's true that , in a criminal trial , all jurors must agree to convict someone on a given charge
but in @entity5 only nine jurors -- or three - fourths of the grand jury -- have to agree
so what are the grand jurors deciding ? according to the @entity5 state attorney general 's office , a grand jury is looking at two things
one , was a crime committed ? two , is there probable cause that the accused -- in this case officer @entity2 -- committed the crime
it is very significant that this is a lower standard than for a criminal trial
in that case , jurors must decide if someone is guilty of a crime " beyond a reasonable doubt
" " probable cause " is n't as stringent
is the process overseen by a judge ? no. as @entity145 , a criminal defense lawyer and general counsel for the @entity147 police officer association explains , it 's just the grand jurors , the prosecutors and the witnesses
that means no judge or defense lawyers
" the prosecutor simply presents the information that they have , " @entity145 explains
does that mean the accused ca n't present a defense ? yes and no. first off , unlike during a regular trial , defense lawyers ca n't rebut the prosecution or cross-examine a witness
it 's the prosecutors who present their case , without interruption
that does n't mean that the voice of the accused is n't heard
as the attorney general notes , " defendants do not attend unless they are testifying as witnesses
" since @entity2 witnessed what happened on august 9 as much , if not better , than anyone else alive , he might be invited to testify in court
" usually an accused will not be invited to testify , " @entity145 told @entity0
" but i would expect , in a case like this , that an invitation would be extended to him
" what will the prosecution present to the grand jury ? in a word , everything
just take @entity81 's word for it , according to the @entity188 : " absolutely everything will be presented to the grand jury
every scrap of paper that we have
every photograph that was taken
" will @entity81 himself present the case ? @entity197 , a spokesman for the prosecutor 's office , told the @entity200 that the prosecution will be " handled by the attorney regularly assigned to the grand jury
it will not be by mr. @entity81
" so how long will this process take ? a grand jury could indict some one as early as tomorrow
but that does n't mean it 's going to happen that fast
in fact , it could be weeks or months
after all , @entity212 attorney general @entity211 has said the @entity213 -- conducting a parallel federal civil rights investigation into this case -- has interviewed hundreds of potential witnesses
there 's no reason to believe local authorities have n't similarly conducted lots of interviews and collected various pieces of evidence to sort through and present to the grand jury
doing so should take some time
5 things to know about the shooting complete coverage of @entity4 shooting and protests @entity0 's @entity230 contributed to this report .
