-- you can tell a lot about a person by the t - shirts they wear
each t - shirt has a story to tell -- a story that , in some cases , can span decades
where did they go to college ? what sports did they play in high school ? do they run @entity17 or marathons ? i , myself , have a favorite t - shirt -- size medium
it 's navy blue , and i received it for attending a baseball camp when i was 11
attending that camp was one of the highlights of my youth
i wore that t - shirt more than i should have
in high school , i would wear it underneath my soccer and baseball jerseys
in college , it served as my personal pick - up basketball uniform
i still have that t - shirt
today , it 's resting safely in a drawer at home
the sleeves are missing , and it 's a tad tight , but i still have the tee and everything it represents
to me , it stands for countless hours of hard work and sweat
it stands for my love of sports that was second to none
what would i find if i were to go through your stack of t - shirts ? what t - shirts would you be proud of ? which ones would define you ? getting fit for the family i love as you know , my goal is to complete the @entity61 in september with my fellow @entity63 teammates
at the end of the race we will undoubtedly be handed an official race t - shirt
( last year 's t - shirt was black and looked really cool
) now , i 'm not implying that i am running the race solely to inherit another t - shirt , but it will surely be a great reminder of the experience
needless to say , the t - shirt will be one that i cherish
when i die , i want the people packing up my belongings to find my collection of old t - shirts
hopefully , after sifting through the stacks , they 'll find my 2013 @entity81 triathlon shirt and wonder , " how did he get this ? did he really run a triathlon ? " if only they knew
if only they knew about the hard work that went into earning that t - shirt
that t - shirt will have a story to tell , too
one that began on a cold day in january 2013 , and hopefully , one that will never end
do you have a favorite t - shirt you 'll never give away ? share a photo of it on @entity98 or @entity99 using the hashtag # @entity100 .
